Husband and parents are fine
It's all solved.
Why don't they hurry up and surrender the gun?
I am willing to surrender to the sword master
I beg Lord Jianzun to let my family go, you and I volunteer
Nothing to do with family
I will be with our family
But you can't live
Do it yourself.
OK
I do it myself
How dare you attack me?
They are all called earth
Can only kill but not live
It's just a pig's head walking in this world
What qualifications do you have to talk about faith and die?
It's all solved for me, yeah
Husband, are you alright?
I'm just a little hungry, then I'll treat you to supper
You guys pack up
I'm going to eat something
Congratulations to the Sword Master
The lady boss will bring two fried noodles
Okay, scan the code to pay.
Fried noodles are here
What's the matter, you're fascinated by the way I look?